doc: update sd-jwt and sd-jwt-vc link (#44)
animo/awesome-self-sovereign-identity: readme.md

## 📄 Technical Specifications
- [W3C Verifiable Credentials](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/) - Specification of verifiable credentials (VCs).
- [W3C Verifiable Credentials Implementation Guidelines](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-imp-guide/) - Implementation guidelines for verifiable credentials.

> - [SD-JWT](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-ietf-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt-08.html) - Specification for selective disclosure for JWT based verifiable credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SD-JWT](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt/) - Specification for selective disclosure for JWT based verifiable credentials.
```

> - [SD-JWT-VC](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc-03.html) - Specification for using SD-JWT as verifiable credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SD-JWT-VC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc/) - Specification for using SD-JWT as verifiable credentials.
```
